content/index.md, before:

---
title: 'Welcome to Documentation'
description: 'Modern documentation generator built with Next.js 16'
order: 0
---

# Welcome to Documentation

This is a modern documentation generator built with Next.js 16, designed to be fast, customizable, and easy to use.

## Features

- 📝 **Markdown & MDX Support** - Write your docs in Markdown or MDX with full frontmatter support
- 🎨 **Beautiful UI** - Clean, modern interface built with Tailwind CSS and shadcn/ui
- 🌓 **Dark Mode** - Built-in dark mode support with customizable themes
- 🔍 **Full-Text Search** - Find what you need quickly (coming soon)
- 📱 **Mobile Responsive** - Looks great on all devices
- ⚡ **Fast Performance** - Static generation for lightning-fast page loads
- 🔗 **Relative Links** - Use relative links between docs seamlessly
- 📑 **Auto Navigation** - Automatic sidebar and breadcrumb generation from file structure

## Getting Started

Get started by exploring the documentation sections:

- [Getting Started](/getting-started) - Learn how to set up and use this documentation generator
- [Guides](/guides) - Step-by-step guides for common tasks
- [API Reference](/api) - Complete API documentation

## Quick Links

Browse through the main sections to learn more about how to use this documentation generator effectively.

Commit message:

docs: update homepage with fork instructions
- Add clear call-to-action to fork repository
- Include 4-step quick start guide
- Update Learn More section with correct links
- Encourage users to create their own docs in minutes

content/index.md, after:

---
title: 'Welcome to Documentation'
description: 'Modern documentation generator built with Next.js 16'
order: 0
---

# Welcome to Documentation

A modern, fast documentation generator built with Next.js 16. **Fork this repo and create your own documentation site in minutes.**

## Features

- 📝 **Markdown & MDX Support** - Write your docs in Markdown or MDX with full frontmatter support
- 🎨 **Beautiful UI** - Clean, modern interface built with Tailwind CSS and shadcn/ui
- 🌓 **Dark Mode** - Built-in dark mode support with customizable themes
- 🔍 **Full-Text Search** - Find what you need quickly (coming soon)
- 📱 **Mobile Responsive** - Looks great on all devices
- ⚡ **Fast Performance** - Static generation for lightning-fast page loads
- 🔗 **Relative Links** - Use relative links between docs seamlessly
- 📑 **Auto Navigation** - Automatic sidebar and breadcrumb generation from file structure

## Quick Start

**Ready to create your own docs?** It's incredibly simple:

1. **Fork** the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/rabinarayanpatra/docs-generator)
2. **Clone** your fork and install dependencies (`npm install`)
3. **Add** your content to the `content/` directory
4. **Deploy** to Vercel, Netlify, or any static hosting

That's it! Your documentation site will be live in minutes.

## Learn More

Explore the documentation to customize your site:

- [Getting Started](/getting-started) - Complete setup guide and configuration
- [Writing Docs](/guides/writing-docs) - Best practices for writing documentation
- [MDX Components](/guides/components) - Available components and features
- [API Reference](/api/overview) - Complete API documentation
